README.md, before:

# Nashira Deer // Mexanyd Desktop

**Warning: Mexanyd Desktop is still in the alpha development stage.**

A tool created to help with tasks from an auto parts store.

[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Paypal-003087?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=%23fff)
](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=QQGMTC3FQAJF6&no_recurring=0&item_name=Thanks+for+donating+for+me%2C+this+helps+me+a+lot+to+continue+developing+and+maintaining+my+projects.&currency_code=USD)
[![GitHub Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Sponsor-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=%23fff)
](https://github.com/sponsors/nashiradeer)

Desktop application with a local database created for the Deyvid Auto Peças to help with stock and service logs.

## Donating

Consider donating to make Mexanyd Desktop development possible. You can donate through Nashira Deer's [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=QQGMTC3FQAJF6&no_recurring=0&item_name=Thanks+for+donating+for+me%2C+this+helps+me+a+lot+to+continue+developing+and+maintaining+my+projects.&currency_code=USD) or [GitHub Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/nashiradeer).

## Building/running

*No methods are available for now.*

## Credits

Mexanyd is a Nashira Deer's closed project. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

docs: add how to build/run the project

README.md, after:

# Nashira Deer // Mexanyd Desktop

**Warning: Mexanyd Desktop is still in the alpha development stage.**

A tool created to help with tasks from an auto parts store.

[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Paypal-003087?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=%23fff)
](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=QQGMTC3FQAJF6&no_recurring=0&item_name=Thanks+for+donating+for+me%2C+this+helps+me+a+lot+to+continue+developing+and+maintaining+my+projects.&currency_code=USD)
[![GitHub Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Sponsor-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=%23fff)
](https://github.com/sponsors/nashiradeer)

Desktop application with a local database created for the Deyvid Auto Peças to help with stock and service logs.

## Donating

Consider donating to make Mexanyd Desktop development possible. You can donate through Nashira Deer's [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=QQGMTC3FQAJF6&no_recurring=0&item_name=Thanks+for+donating+for+me%2C+this+helps+me+a+lot+to+continue+developing+and+maintaining+my+projects.&currency_code=USD) or [GitHub Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/nashiradeer).

## Building/running

You can run the project using `flutter run` and build using `flutter build`, check [Flutter's documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/) about building to check where the executable will be generated.

## Credits

Mexanyd is a Nashira Deer's closed project. All rights reserved.
